# AI_Projects

##U Objective

### Coronavirus that causes a significant respiratory condition. It has resulted in a massive pandemic that has resulted in infected patients and several deaths. Coronavirus becomes mainly transmitted by direct communication with individuals. Motivated by this idea, this study proposes its Survilanance camera-based Artificial Intelligence(AI) method to detect social distancing between peoples. With the YOLOv3 tool, a model deep learning detects approach, Person detection and monitoring have progressed in both interior and exterior environments. The algorithm has used to analyze and describe social space and automatically decide if social distancing laws have followed. As a result, this research aims to help prevent,  The spread of Coronavirus by assessing whether and how persons adhere to social distancing rules. The proposed method has extended through camera-captured videos, To build an entire AI framework for a person's social distancing prediction. The suggested approach has put through its paces cost-effective surveillance cameras. Hierarchical surveillance video cameras are used to visualize several surveillance cameras in a consolidated control system. The findings show that the suggested approach works are appropriate for establishing a surveillance camera infrastructure in cities to identification people for social distancing detection. This technique can also have applied to handheld cameras, such as those installed on the drone system, making drones easier to control and more efficient at capturing observed targets' rapid behaviour from various angles.


